with you there was one group that may 1
become what we are petroleum jelly and i
showed good to for our today
from this collistar
where am I going to show you now
last time we talked to you about what
we will have a pillar foundation and
top to top will
reinforced grillage but after some
meetings we counted the money counted
possible consequences and took another
several solutions we decided to replace
the tiger was learning from us suptically
exposure temperatures you just
put our
5 centimeters wide foundation here on
it is an artificial slag base
which you just brought it pretty
solid foundation fails which we
can use as carrier
for our garage we can compare
look here it is now 40 years old and she
absolutely without trial where he shook
I sat down on the stone here and our garage
garage
who will be worth it let's see
here is our reason
as we did it in general layers
covered with slag and then rammed with water
a smaller fraction was poured from above
which as a result allowed us to achieve
such a result well, and we fill the top
already our belt that will be with us
pretty massive too you see it and
in general, it will give us good
the foundation for our walls on top of the wall we
we plan to fasten also with a belt which
will give us the rigidity of the whole building here
there will be tomorrow what all this slime
ok well the most interesting where are we
In fact, the remaining slag cannot he
let's fit the foundation here
let's see the remaining slag you decide
use under the path
produces produces arbitrarily up
production
who will be
this interesting tool succeeded
do this work in two days as
perform these works will tell us our
foreman head aka Oleg construction
Oleg Hello but tell
please keep your job secret
did the tie for what
and what you want to share say the most
the main thing initially we thought that
We built all the communications then
turned out when a solid foundation on
which will be the moon or femeli Vodicka
beautiful how we hold laid
communications water pipe sewage and
the same wiring is laid
cable under concrete that is, we decided
give up the air to me like
specialist and did did build and then
disgrace some kind of aerial wired
Victor more often please tell about
work order like
laid out a photo cover that why
I pass all remove the excess layer
make a soft layer of earth centimeters
30-40 bases hard padu hard
our pillow was made of slag
again we weed out this slag after
laying slag and T-shirt
chose the horizon on which slope
it turns out 5-6 meters of slope but this 1
a cent then we did somewhere a half or two
centering in the rout of colitis in one
point there inlet yama yama done
from brick to but there will still be a pipe
before it should be made turbo
the shutter is retracted but from above and as I understand it
the lattice will need to put the lattice at
us boil and dump about 50 and
plates flat semi juicy decide.
about laying screed what do you say
We stretch and these are all the rules that is
life solution chick noticeable
concrete mortar is a very important point
when you stretched
the next day is desirable in the morning bye
the concrete is still damp the name of the book we will deliver
T-shirts spending it again by.
and afterwards we grind it all
I have some water
again we add cement handsomes
watches and we have notch speed this
the dog has come or someone is a child
inadvertently come the fashion did not reveal all
it's an iron grind
And it turns out such an effect as Mike
not visible and we have a fleece surface without
dimples without bumps
Here you can see that after the lighthouse we
paper plane then it's all over the ground i
put in a personal ask you guests
thank you for the informative conversation
Come cool some labor rubble
sand and cement and you as a result
it will turn out so great
well tell kirill throws
invest and work did something than
helped showered sand
which one
helped cooks free yourself up
it was hard to help the right tool
how a concrete mixer economical quit
I understand you are wondering what will happen next
more help what are your plans for the future at
you are bored and the dolls face is new
two days on the screed she is happy cube
you can not yet dig and how many
the area was 50 squares plus a walkway
Well, let's summarize what we have
it turned out the filling of the foundation with us
went three days we fell asleep
bow their meter from the neck then two days
spent to bring the moto of the day
it took us about the cheese went to you
tamper
and it took us two and a half days to
preparation of the solution pouring and screed
enough to fulfill this volume
works by two human forces with us
gone week thank you all for your attention with
you could its head hydrogen
We are the signature of our new video at all
let's go swimming soon
came out reach